yes
many people have come to play at
famous minecraft since it is a game of
construction where you can use all your
creativity to the fullest at its launch
has two main modes the first
it's survival where the players
they must acquire resources to maintain their
health and hunger and the creative way where
the players have unlimited access to
the resources of the game have the
ability to fly and do not require
Keep your health and hunger though
there is also hardcore mode and other
dimensions like hell and the end and
Of course there is also multiplayer mode
where you can connect with friends
internet medium
but there is a character that has come to
scare minecraft players already
which is said to watch over everything
You do or sometimes just watch you
far away without being detected or
it just appears next to you but what
weird is when you look at this character of
front
since he has white eyes and does not
the name appears above him as
usually appears in users of
minecraft and that is what gives chills
because no one else should appear
with you unless you're in multiplayer
this character is known by the name
of hero brain and here the first capture
that he managed to take this famous
character
tonight
but who gerbrand there are several
versions of him
one of them is that night who is one
from the creators of minecraft came to
have a little brother who died
and it manifests itself in the game by giving it
big scares people do not know
nothing of this mysterious character much
people thought it was a simple joke or
maybe someone in the wet stepped in
per player what is known is that
Wet denies that there is a character
called hero brain and night denies having
had a little brother a very thing
curious in one of the updates of
minecraft to be more concrete in the
beta 1.6 points 6 had as
update grass or I removed then
it will be true that wetting did not know anything about
hero brain
the thing does not end here since they wet
never eliminated hero brain from the game there
many people who in the updates
following has appeared to hero 20
without using any mode in the update
1 point 7.1 the line of hero wayne
remove again appeared is curious
because in an update they delete it and
in the next one they delete it again
but decide where you want to go or attack
you do not see him when he walks alone he looks
stopped hero rain is a human with the
same skin as stibys however it has
bright white eyes is not the
minecraft there is no source code
that allows anyone to
act like him or to elaborate more
you will die with the traps or 2 x tunnels
2 and random constructions like
pyramids in the middle of the ocean is a
unknown entity considered crepe and
pasta many times seen as a miner
dead
I leave you a video of the appearances of
this famous character
plus
and
ah
You can also be invoked, I leave you a
how to do video
do not
i
to me
if he gets